# **Brainfuck**  
##### STILL IN DEVELOPMENT ([Roadmap](https://github.com/DrParanoya/Brainfuck/blob/main/ROADMAP.md))
### Brainfuck processor written in C++. Features support for randomness and JIT compilation.
### This implementation has 65 536 memory cells (uint16_t limit).
##
When running this, a terminal will open.  
Enter the filepath to your brainfuck file (file extension doesn't matter).  
###### Note that the file path is read until ` -` is reached.
###### If your file path includes these two characters it will cause issues.
Optionally, you can change the code execution mode:  

`-i` will just interpret the code (default, will be used if no mode is specified).  
`-e` will compile the code first and then run the generated bytecode.  
`-c` will compile the code into a `.bfbc` (stands for [*BrainFuckByteCode*](https://github.com/DrParanoya/Brainfuck/blob/main/BFBC.md)) file.  
`-r` will try to run a `.bfbc` from the filepath you entered.  
`-n` will turn your brainfuck code into C++ code and store it in a `.cpp` file.
###### *Please note that you still need to compile the generated `.cpp` file!*
##
To use randomness, place the `?` character into your code. It will set te current cell to a random vaule.  
You also need to add the ` -?` flag behind the mode flag (off by default).
##
### Examples:  
> ##
> `C:\Users\User\Desktop\Brainfile.txt -e -?`  
> This will compile `Brainfile.txt` into `Brainfile.txt.bfbc` with support for randomness and run it.
> ##
> `C:\Users\User\Desktop\HelloBf.bfbc -r`  
> This will execute the BrainFuckByteCode inside the `HelloBf.bfbc` file without support for randomness.
> ##
> `C:\Spotify.txt`  
> This will interpret the file `Spotify.txt` without support for randomness.
> ##  
### Bugs / Contributing:
If you encounter any bugs feel free to open an issue. Please describe it as accurately as possible.  
If possible, also add the steps to reproduce it.  
To contribute, just open a pull request.  
###### *Do not ask questions about how brainfuck works!*  
##  
###### This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.
